Key Concepts:

    File Descriptor (fd):
        An integer that identifies an open file.
        Points to a file offset in the file, which is updated after each read() or write().

    File Descriptor Table:
        Each process has its own file descriptor table, mapping file descriptors to entries in the open file table.

    Open File Table:
        A system-wide table storing information about open files, such as the file offset and a reference to the file’s inode.
        Multiple processes can share entries for the same file, but each process has its own file descriptor table.

    Inode Table:
        Stores metadata for files (e.g., size, permissions, disk location) in inodes.
        Inodes are referenced by the open file table.

    File Offset:
        Tracks the current read/write position in a file, stored in the open file table.
        Updated after each read() or write().

read() System Call:

    Syntax:

    ssize_t read(int fd, void *B, size_t size);

        fd: File descriptor pointing to the file's current position.
        B: Buffer to store data read from the file.
        size: Maximum bytes to read from the file.
        Return Value: Number of bytes successfully read, or 0 if EOF is reached, or -1 on error.

    File Descriptor Behavior: After each read(), the file offset in the open file table moves forward by the number of bytes read.

How They Work Together:

    Opening a File:
        The file descriptor is created and linked to an entry in the open file table, starting at file offset 0.

    Reading a File:
        read() uses the file descriptor to find the open file table entry.
        It reads data from the current file offset, and updates the offset after each operation.

    Multiple File Descriptors:
        Multiple file descriptors can refer to the same file, but each has its own file offset, allowing independent reading or writing.

    Closing a File:
        The file descriptor is closed, and the open file table entry is removed.
